SPHERUM OOO., ("SPHERUM" OR "WE") TAKES YOUR PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. SPHERUM RESPECTS AND PROTECTS THE PRIVACY OF ITS USERS AND TAKES APPROPRIATE STEPS TO SAFEGUARD THEIR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS WELL AS THE MATERIALS TRANSFERRED BY SUCH USERS VIA ITS APPLICATION. THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “POLICY”) SPECIFIES THE TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT SPHERUM RECEIVES AND COLLECTS WHEN YOU DOWNLOAD, INSTALL AND/OR USE THE SPHERUM APPLICATION, THE SPHERUM WEBSITE AND/OR THE SPHERUM WEBAPP (COLLECTIVELY THE "APPLICATION") AND/OR ANY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDED BY SPHERUM, AND DESCRIBES THE WAYS SPHERUM USES AND PROTECTS THEM AND THE MATERIALS TRANSFERRED BY SUCH USERS VIA THE APPLICATION.
THE DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE APPLICATION IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THIS POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE APPLICATION AND MAKE SURE YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND IT. IF YOU ARE UNWILLING TO ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
THIS POLICY MAY BE UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME AND THEREFORE WE ASK YOU TO CHECK BACK PERIODICALLY FOR THE MOST UPDATED VERSION OF THE POLICY. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE APPLICATION AFTER THIS POLICY HAS BEEN AMENDED, SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE YOUR CONTINUED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, AS AMENDED.
Spherum is committed to comply with privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and any materials transferred by you either concerning you or any third party. Spherum shall not sell or transfer any of the data provided by you including any Transferred Information (as defined herein) to any third party, without your permission, except for the relevant third party that you choose to transfer it to, unless otherwise specified in this Policy.
1. INFORMATION THAT IS DELIVERED VIA THE APPLICATION
A. Registration and Profile Information: Upon installing the Application, You shall be required to provide certain general information about you that includes your phone number and your nickname, and you may, if you wish to do so, provide additional information such as gender, age and additionally, if you choose to do so, add movies, videos or photos to your profile. You may modify your nickname and your photos, videos or movies at any time. In order to enjoy the most of the Application, You shall also be offered to provide Spherum with the phone numbers of your mobile address book as updated from time to time, including those of both the users of the Application and your other contacts, as well as your approval to use other features such as your camera, microphone, photo gallery and we may request your approval for sending you push notifications as part of your use of the Application and your approval to let us know your location. You confirm that You are authorized to provide us your approval for the use of all of the above, including your phone book numbers.
Please note that your Account is connected to a specific phone number, and therefore, in case that You wish to transfer your Account to a new phone number, you will be required to contact our support at [hello@spherum.io](mailto:hello@spherum.io) and comply with its security directions in order to perform such transfer of your Account. We do not guarantee that such transfer may always be possible. Spherum shall not have any liability or obligation for any failure to perform such Account transfer, or for any lost of information as a result thereto.
B. Transferred Information: Any materials and/or information (including movies created by You, videos, audios, text messages, AR messages, location based AR messages, video messages, audio messages, images, stickers, special stickers (stickers with text or audio), and any other data) that shall be transferred via the Application to the third party which you have chosen to send it to (the "Applicable Third Party") shall be referred to herein as ("Transferred Information").
When you choose to transfer and/or share any Transferred Information with others via the Application, you consent that Spherum may review and collect such Transferred Information, and you further consent that the Transferred Information, is a non-confidential information, is not in breach of any third parties rights, is not intended to damage any third party and is not sent for any illegal or unmoral purpose. The Applicable Third Party will not own the Transferred Information, but shall be able to make use of and/or save such Transferred Information, unless otherwise specified in the applicable law.
Spherum shall have the right, but not the obligation, subject to the restrictions of the applicable law, to review the Transferred Information and/or to use such Transferred Information for the purposes listed in this Policy, but shall not own or have any rights in such Transferred Information and shall not be responsible, in any way, for such contents. Spherum may also save your Transferred Information in the ordinary course of operating the Application, in its servers, subject to the requirements of the applicable law.
We also receive information that other users provide us, which may include information concerning you, either by way of providing your phone number located in their address book or by sending a message.
We may also receive certain information concerning you by third-party providers that we work with to help us operate, support, and market the Application.
C. When you download and/or register and/or use the Application, we automatically receive and collect certain technical and statistical information. We also learn about if you are online or offline and the dates that you have updated your status. Spherum uses smart technologies for the collection and analysis of various types of technical and statistical information, including geographical location, IP addresses, device type, device identifier(s), the amount of time you are using the Application, and time of any activity on the Application, and any other pertinent information. Said files are stored on Spherum servers and record any action taken on the Application. We treat such information as non-personal information subject to the applicable law.
D. Local Storage: We use Local Storage technology as part of the general operations of the Application, and in particular for the Application's web-based interface, as well as to improve your experiences, understand how the Application is being used, and customize the Application.
E. Geo-Location Information: Unless you disable the geo-location functionality of the Application or your mobile device, which will degrade our ability to provide accurate and timely service, the Application will track your location, provided that the GPS service on the device is enabled.
2. HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION
A. Applicable Third Party: When you use the Application for sharing any Transferred Information with Applicable Third Party, you acknowledge and agree that all of the Transferred Information, as well as your Registration Information, will be made available to and accessible by Spherum and the Applicable Third Party that you wish to share it with, for any purpose whatsoever under the applicable law, and you have no expectation of privacy in connection therewith, except under the applicable law. Spherum is not responsible for whether or how the Applicable Third Party uses or saves the content and data you send to it.
We permit making limited commercial use via the Application, in order to provide general information such as schedule of meetings, approval of purchase etc. provided that such use does not in any way includes spam messaging.
C. Disclosure of Registration Information: We may also collect use share and disclose any of the Registration Information, which is not prohibited under the applicable law:
(I) To contractors that We use to support our business (such as hosting providers, technical support and financial institutions), in which case We will require such third parties to agree to use it for the same purposes;
(II) in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment or other transfer of shares or assets of Spherum, in which case We will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Policy and use it for the same purposes;
(III) to respond to law enforcement requests and subpoenas, where we believe in good faith that such response is required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations; and
(IV) In situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.
D. Disclosure of Transferred Information: We may also collect use share and disclose Transferred Information which is not prohibited under the applicable law if we have a good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to:
(a) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, to legal process, or to government requests;
(b) enforce our Terms and any other applicable terms and policies, including for investigations of potential violations;
(c) detect, investigate, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or
(d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our users or us.
E. Disclosure of Location: You may be able, if you wish, to share your location with third parties via the Application, as well as to send and receive location-based messages. It is hereby clarified that we shall track your location only when the following criteria are met:
(I) You have allowed location access on the operating system popup received from us (II) the GPS is operated and (III) only while you are using the Application and accessing a location based feature such as sharing your location, discovering other users location, sharing a location based message, discovering a location based message.
3. DISCLAIMERS WITH RESPECT TO TRANSFERRED INFORMATION
Please note that We do not provide any guarantee or information or representation or any warranty with respect to the privacy policy of any Applicable Third Party to whom you have chosen to send any Transferred Information.
We wish to bring to your intention that Transferred Information that you capture by editing a movie, filming a video or audio may include third party rights, intellectual property and may be subject to legal restrictions such as privacy either to the person that is captured or to any other third party. We further wish to clarify that transfer of data that may in any way cause shaming to any third party, or attempt to damage such third party, is prohibited.
Therefore we urge you to consider carefully the implications of the transfer of any Transferred Information. Any and all damage cost or expense caused to any third party as a result of the transfer of such Transferred Information shall be on your sole and exclusive responsibility.
You are solely and exclusively responsible for the content and accuracy of the Transferred Information, and Registration Information.
By transferring Transferred Information to an Applicable Third Party you provide the Applicable Third Party a license to review and save the Transferred Information as well as your Registration Information, and also provide Spherum the right to use all materials related to the Transferred Information for the purposes indicated in this Policy.
4. Protection of Information
Personal Information is encrypted and protected by firewall and by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard, for encrypting all personal information, including name, address and credit card numbers.
Although, We use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, We do not guarantee, and You should not expect that Information collected will always remain completely private.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific work are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We work hard to protect your personal information and to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including the use of encryption and limited access to data, however, note that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. Please be advised that we do not provide any guarantee with respect to any Applicable Third Party and/or the way that such Applicable Third Party will maintain any Transferred Information.
5. Links and Displayed Sites
In case that the Application includes any links or references to third party websites, applications, services or stores, We do not have control over such third-parties or their information collection practices and We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such linked or otherwise displayed third parties websites, applications, services or stores.
6. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Our policy only addresses the collection, use and disclosure of the Information that We collect from You.
Any personal information that You choose to disclose to third parties via the Application, shall be at your own responsibility and risk and we shall not have any responsibility for it.
7. Disclosure Information in the Event of a Merger
We may merge or be acquired by another business entity or may sell all or substantially all of our assets to an acquirer. In the event of such merger, acquisition or sale, We may share some or all or your personally identifiable information with the acquiring company in order to continue serving You the Services and operate the Application. In such event, and if applicable, We will provide notice that such information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
8. Access to your Personal Information
You have the right to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we have collected and hold about You, and the way it is processed either by entering your profile and just delete it, or by requesting us with access, by sending an email to hello@spherum.io and We will provide the information free of charge in a 'commonly use and machine readable format within 14 business days.
You may request the deletion of Your Account and any and all materials that we have collected and saved with respect to You, at any time and to request that we cease further dissemination of the data, and have third parties cease processing of the data.
Be aware that requesting deletion, unlike unsubscribing, is total and irreversible. This means that we will also lose record of You having ever been on our systems, including any request or purchase that You have given us in the past. If You choose in the future to open a new account, You will appear to us as a completely new customer.
To request deletion of your personal information, contact: hello@spherum.io.
This Privacy Policy was Last modified on December 7th, 2021.
